NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc operations - view and manage Google Cloud Dataproc
        operations

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc operations COMMAND [--region=REGION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) View and manage Google Cloud Dataproc operations.

FLAGS
     --region=REGION
        Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
        independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into
        Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of global is
        a special multi-region namespace which is capable of deploying
        instances into all Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
        other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default dataproc/region
        property value for this command invocation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --configuration,
    --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     cancel
        (BETA) Cancel an active operation.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete the record of an inactive operation.

     describe
        (BETA) View the details of an operation.

     get-iam-policy
        (BETA) Get IAM policy for an operation.

     list
        (BETA) View the list of all operations.

     set-iam-policy
        (BETA) Set IAM policy for an operation.

EXAMPLES
    To cancel an active operation, run:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc operations cancel operation_id

    To view the details of an operation, run:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc operations describe operation_id

    To see the list of all operations, run:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc operations list

    To delete the record of an inactive operation, run:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc operations delete operation_id

NOTES
    This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc operations

