NAME
    gcloud beta init - initialize or reinitialize gcloud

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta init [--console-only] [--skip-diagnostics]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) gcloud beta init launches an interactive Getting Started workflow
    for the gcloud command-line tool. It performs the following setup steps:

      o Authorizes gcloud and other SDK tools to access Google Cloud Platform
        using your user account credentials, or from an account of your
        choosing whose credentials are already available.
      o Sets up a new or existing configuration.
      o Sets properties in that configuration, including the current project
        and optionally, the default Google Compute Engine region and zone you'd
        like to use.

    gcloud beta init can be used for initial setup of gcloud and to create new
    or reinitialize gcloud configurations. More information about
    configurations can be found by running gcloud topic configurations.

    Properties set by gcloud beta init are local and persistent, and are not
    affected by remote changes to the project. For example, the default Compute
    Engine zone in your configuration remains stable, even if you or another
    user changes the project-level default zone in the Cloud Platform Console.

    To sync the configuration, re-run gcloud beta init.

FLAGS
     --console-only
        Prevent the command from launching a browser for authorization.

     --skip-diagnostics
        Do not run diagnostics.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

EXAMPLES
    To launch an interactive Getting Started workflow, run:

        $ gcloud beta init

    To launch an interactive Getting Started workflow without diagnostics, run:

        $ gcloud beta init --skip-diagnostics

NOTES
    This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud init
        $ gcloud alpha init

