NAME
    gcloud alpha dataproc - create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters
        and jobs

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataproc GROUP [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud dataproc command group lets you create and manage Google
    Cloud Dataproc clusters and jobs.

    Cloud Dataproc is an Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Pig, and Apache
    Hive service. It easily processes big datasets at low cost, creating
    managed clusters of any size that scale down once processing is complete.

    More information on Cloud Dataproc can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/dataproc and detailed documentation can be found
    here: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/

EXAMPLES
    To see how to create and manage clusters, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters

    To see how to submit and manage jobs, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     autoscaling-policies
        (ALPHA) Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc autoscaling policies.

     clusters
        (ALPHA) Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters.

     jobs
        (ALPHA) Submit and manage Google Cloud Dataproc jobs.

     operations
        (ALPHA) View and manage Google Cloud Dataproc operations.

     workflow-templates
        (ALPHA) Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc workflow templates.

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc
        $ gcloud beta dataproc

