NAME
    gcloud beta compute instances - read and manipulate Google Compute Engine
        virtual machine instances

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta compute instances GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     network-interfaces
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instance network
        interfaces.

     os-inventory
        (BETA) Read Google Compute Engine OS Inventory Data and Related
        Resources.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-access-config
        (BETA) Create a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access
        configuration.

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (BETA) Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine instance.

     add-labels
        (BETA) Add labels to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     add-metadata
        (BETA) Add or update instance metadata.

     add-tags
        (BETA) Add tags to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     attach-disk
        (BETA) Attach a disk to an instance.

     create
        (BETA) Create Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     create-with-container
        (BETA) Creates Google Compute engine virtual machine instances running
        container images.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     delete-access-config
        (BETA) Delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network
        interface.

     describe
        (BETA) Describe a virtual machine instance.

     detach-disk
        (BETA) Detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     export
        (BETA) Export a Compute Engine virtual machine instance's configuration
        to a file.

     get-guest-attributes
        (BETA) Get the Guest Attributes for a compute instance.

     get-iam-policy
        (BETA) Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance.

     get-serial-port-output
        (BETA) Read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port.

     get-shielded-identity
        (BETA) Get the Shielded identity for a Google Compute Engine instance.

     import
        (BETA) Create Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances from
        virtual appliance in OVA/OVF format.

     list
        (BETA) List Google Compute Engine instances.

     move
        (BETA) Move an instance and its attached persistent disks between
        zones.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (BETA) Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine instance.

     remove-labels
        (BETA) Remove labels from Google Compute Engine virtual machine
        instances.

     remove-metadata
        (BETA) Remove instance metadata.

     remove-tags
        (BETA) Remove tags from Google Compute Engine virtual machine
        instances.

     reset
        (BETA) Reset a virtual machine instance.

     set-disk-auto-delete
        (BETA) Set auto-delete behavior for disks.

     set-iam-policy
        (BETA) Set IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance.

     set-machine-type
        (BETA) Set machine type for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

     set-scheduling
        (BETA) Set scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual
        machines.

     set-scopes
        (BETA) Set scopes and service account for a Google Compute Engine
        instance.

     simulate-maintenance-event
        (BETA) Simulate maintenance of virtual machine instances.

     start
        (BETA) Start a stopped virtual machine instance.

     stop
        (BETA) Stop a virtual machine instance.

     tail-serial-port-output
        (BETA) Periodically fetch new output from a virtual machine instance's
        serial port and display it as it becomes available.

     update
        (BETA) Update a Google Compute Engine virtual machine.

     update-access-config
        (BETA) Update a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access
        configuration.

     update-container
        (BETA) Updates Google Compute engine virtual machine instances running
        container images.

     update-from-file
        (BETA) Update a Compute Engine virtual machine instance using a
        configuration file.

NOTES
    This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instances
        $ gcloud alpha compute instances

