NAME
    gcloud alpha interactive - start the gcloud interactive shell

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha interactive [--context=CONTEXT] [--update-cli-trees]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha interactive provides an enhanced bash(1) command line
    with features that include:

      o auto-completion for gcloud commands, flags and resource arguments
      o support for other CLIs including bq, gsutil and kubectl
      o state preservation across commands: cd, local/environment variables

  Display
    The gcloud alpha interactive display window is divided into sections,
    described here from top to bottom.

     Previous Output
        Command output scrolls above the command input section as commands are
        executed.

     Command Input
        Commands are typed, completed and edited in this section. The default
        prompt is "$ ". If a context has been set, then its tokens are
        prepopulated before the cursor.

     Active Help
        As you type, this section displays in-line help summaries for commands,
        flags and arguments. You can toggle active help on and off via the F2
        key.

     Status Display
        Current gcloud project and account information, and function key
        descriptions and settings are displayed in this section. Function keys
        toggle mode/state settings or run specific actions.

         F2:help:STATE
            Toggles the active help section, ON when enabled, OFF when
            disabled.

         F3:EDIT-MODE
            Toggles the command line edit mode, either emacs or vi. The default
            is determined by the bash(1) set -o vi|emacs setting.

         F7:context
            Sets the context for command input, so you won't have to re-type
            common command prefixes at every prompt. The context is the command
            line from just after the prompt up to the cursor.

            For example, if you are about to work with gcloud compute for a
            while, type gcloud compute and hit F7. This will display gcloud
            compute at subsequent prompts until the context is changed.

            Hit ^C and F7 to clear the context, or edit a command line and/or
            move the cursor and hit F7 to set a different context.

         F8:browse
            Opens a web browser tab/window to display the complete man page
            help for the current command. If there is no active web browser
            (running in ssh(1) for example), then command specific help or
            man(1) help is attempted.

         F9:quit
            Exit.

  Auto and TAB Completion
    Command completions are displayed in a scrolling pop-up window. Use TAB and
    up/down keys to navigate the completions, and ENTER/RETURN to select the
    highlighted completion. Completions for known commands, flags and static
    flag values are displayed automatically. Positional and dynamic flag value
    completions for known commands are displayed after TAB is entered. TAB
    completion for unknown commands defers to bash(1), but using the
    interactive user interface. Absent specific command information, a
    file/path completer is used when TAB is entered for unknown positionals
    (arguments that do not start with '-').

  Control Characters
    Control characters affect the currently running command or the current
    command line being entered at the prompt.

     ^C
        If a command is currently running, then that command is interrupted.
        This terminates the command. Otherwise, if no command is running, ^C
        clears the current command line.

     ^D
        Exits when entered as the first character at the command prompt. You
        can also run the exit command at the prompt.

     ^W
        If a command is not currently running, then the last word on the
        command line is deleted. This is handy for "walking back" partial
        completions.

  Command history
    gcloud alpha interactive maintains persistent command history across
    sessions.

    emacs mode
     ^N
        Move ahead one line in the history.
     ^P
        Move back one line in the history.
     ^R
        Search backwards in the history.

    vi mode
     /
        Search backwards in the history.
     j
        Move ahead one line in the history.
     k
        Move back one line in the history.
     n
        Search backwards for the next match.
     N
        Search forwards for the next match.

    history search mode
     ENTER/RETURN
        Retrieve the matched command line from the history.
     ^R
        Search backwards for the next match.
     ^S
        Search forwards for the next match.

  Layout Configuration
    Parts of the layout are configurable via $ gcloud config set
    interactive/property. These properties are only checked at startup. You
    must exit and restart to see the effects of new settings.

     bottom_bindings_line
        Display the bottom key bindings line, if true. The default value is
        true.

     bottom_status_line
        Display the bottom status line, if true. The default value is false.

     completion_menu_lines
        Number of lines in the completion menu. The default value is 4.

     context
        Command context string. The default value is "".

     fixed_prompt_position
        Display the prompt at the same position, if true. The default value is
        false.

     help_lines
        Maximum number of help snippet lines. The default value is 10.

     hidden
        Expose hidden commands/flags, if true. The default value is false.

     justify_bottom_lines
        Left- and right-justify bottom toolbar lines, if true. The default
        value is false.

     manpage_generator
        Use the manpage CLI tree generator for unsupported commands, if true.
        The default value is true.

     multi_column_completion_menu
        Display the completions as a multi-column menu, if true. The default
        value is false.

     prompt
        Command prompt string. The default value is "$ ".

     show_help
        Show help as command args are entered, if true. The default value is
        true.

     suggest
        Add command line suggestions based on history, if true. The default
        value is false.

  CLI Trees
    gcloud alpha interactive uses CLI tree data files for typeahead, command
    line completion and help snippet generation. A few CLI trees are installed
    with their respective Cloud SDK components: gcloud (core component), bq,
    gsutil, and kubectl. See $ gcloud topic cli-trees for details.

FLAGS
     --context=CONTEXT
        The default command context. This is a string containing a command
        name, flags and arguments. The context is prepopulated in each command
        line. You can inline edit any part of the context, or ^C to eliminate
        it.

     --update-cli-trees
        Update the bq, gsutil and kubectl CLI trees, if the corresponding
        command components have been installed. Run with this flag once to
        enable completion and active help for these commands. NOTICE: it may
        take a few minutes to complete. This is a workaround that will be
        automatic (and faster) in a future release.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --configuration,
    --flatten, --format, --help, --log-http, --project, --quiet, --trace-token,
    --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for details.

EXAMPLES
    Run gcloud alpha interactive with the command context set to "gcloud ":

        gcloud alpha interactive --context="gcloud "

NOTES
    On Windows install git(1) for a bash(1) experience. gcloud alpha
    interactive will then use the git (MinGW) bash instead of cmd.exe.

    Please run $ gcloud feedback to report bugs or request new features.

    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually,
    users of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to
    applicable terms, and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or
    sign up on a product's page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
    https://cloud.google.com/products/.

