NAME
    gcloud alpha compute instances - read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual
        machine instances

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute instances GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

    For more information about virtual machine instances, see the virtual
    machine instances documentation
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/).

    See also: Instances API
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     network-interfaces
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine VM instance network
        interfaces.

     os-inventory
        (ALPHA) Read Compute Engine OS Inventory Data and Related Resources.

     vulnerabilities
        (ALPHA) List and describe instance vulnerabilities.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-access-config
        (ALPHA) Create a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access
        configuration.

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine instance.

     add-labels
        (ALPHA) Add labels to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     add-metadata
        (ALPHA) Add or update instance metadata.

     add-resource-policies
        (ALPHA) Add resource policies to Google Compute Engine VM instances.

     add-tags
        (ALPHA) Add tags to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     attach-disk
        (ALPHA) Attach a disk to an instance.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     create-with-container
        (ALPHA) Creates Google Compute engine virtual machine instances running
        container images.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     delete-access-config
        (ALPHA) Delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network
        interface.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe a virtual machine instance.

     detach-disk
        (ALPHA) Detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     export
        (ALPHA) Export a Compute Engine virtual machine instance's
        configuration to a file.

     get-guest-attributes
        (ALPHA) Get the Guest Attributes for a compute instance.

     get-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance.

     get-serial-port-output
        (ALPHA) Read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port.

     get-shielded-identity
        (ALPHA) Get the Shielded identity for a Google Compute Engine instance.

     import
        (ALPHA) Create Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances from
        virtual appliance in OVA/OVF format.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Google Compute Engine instances.

     move
        (ALPHA) Move an instance and its attached persistent disks between
        zones.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine
        instance.

     remove-labels
        (ALPHA) Remove labels from Google Compute Engine virtual machine
        instances.

     remove-metadata
        (ALPHA) Remove instance metadata.

     remove-resource-policies
        (ALPHA) Remove resource policies to Google Compute Engine VM instances.

     remove-tags
        (ALPHA) Remove tags from Google Compute Engine virtual machine
        instances.

     reset
        (ALPHA) Reset a virtual machine instance.

     resume
        (ALPHA) Resume a virtual machine instance.

     set-disk-auto-delete
        (ALPHA) Set auto-delete behavior for disks.

     set-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Set IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance.

     set-machine-type
        (ALPHA) Set machine type for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

     set-min-cpu-platform
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Set minimum CPU platform for Google Compute Engine
        virtual machines.

     set-name
        (ALPHA) Set the name of a Google Compute Engine virtual machine.

     set-scheduling
        (ALPHA) Set scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual
        machines.

     set-scopes
        (ALPHA) Set scopes and service account for a Google Compute Engine
        instance.

     simulate-maintenance-event
        (ALPHA) Simulate maintenance of virtual machine instances.

     start
        (ALPHA) Start a stopped virtual machine instance.

     stop
        (ALPHA) Stop a virtual machine instance.

     suspend
        (ALPHA) Suspend a virtual machine instance.

     tail-serial-port-output
        (ALPHA) Periodically fetch new output from a virtual machine instance's
        serial port and display it as it becomes available.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a Google Compute Engine virtual machine.

     update-access-config
        (ALPHA) Update a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access
        configuration.

     update-container
        (ALPHA) Updates Google Compute engine virtual machine instances running
        container images.

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instances
        $ gcloud beta compute instances

