NAME
    gcloud alpha auth - manage oauth2 credentials for the Google Cloud SDK

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha auth COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud auth command group lets you grant and revoke
    authorization to Cloud SDK (gcloud) to access Google Cloud Platform.
    Typically, when scripting Cloud SDK tools for use on multiple machines,
    using gcloud auth activate-service-account is recommended.

    For more information on authorization and credential types, see:
    https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/authorizing.

    While running gcloud auth commands, the --account flag can be specified to
    any command to use that account without activation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --configuration,
    --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     activate-service-account
        (ALPHA) Authorize access to Google Cloud Platform with a service
        account.

     configure-docker
        (ALPHA) Register gcloud as a Docker credential helper.

     list
        (ALPHA) Lists credentialed accounts.

     login
        (ALPHA) Authorize gcloud to access the Cloud Platform with Google user
        credentials.

     revoke
        (ALPHA) Revoke access credentials for an account.

EXAMPLES
    To authenticate a user account with gcloud and minimal user output, run:

        $ gcloud auth login --brief

    To list all credentialed accounts and identify the current active account,
    run:

        $ gcloud auth list

    To revoke credentials for a user account (like logging out), run:

        $ gcloud auth revoke test@gmail.com

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you will have to apply for early access and have your projects
    registered on the API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
    https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud auth
        $ gcloud beta auth

