NAME
    gcloud alpha cloud-shell get-mount-command - prints a command to mount the
        Cloud Shell home directory via sshfs

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha cloud-shell get-mount-command MOUNT_DIR [--boosted]
        [--force-key-file-overwrite] [--ssh-key-file] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha cloud-shell get-mount-command starts your Cloud Shell
    if it is not already running, then prints out a command that allows you to
    mount the Cloud Shell home directory onto your local fiulesystem using
    sshfs. You must install and run sshfs yourself.

    After mounting the Cloud Shell home directory, any changes you make under
    the mount point on your local file system will be reflected in Cloud Shell
    and vice-versa.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     MOUNT_DIR
        Local directory onto which the Cloud Shell home directory should be
        mounted.

FLAGS
     --boosted
        If provided, starts Cloud Shell in boost mode. If there is alread a
        running Cloud Shell session that is not boosted, this will restart the
        session.

     --force-key-file-overwrite
        If enabled gcloud will regenerate and overwrite the files associated
        with a broken SSH key without asking for confirmation in both
        interactive and non-interactive environment.

        If disabled gcloud will not attempt to regenerate the files associated
        with a broken SSH key and fail in both interactive and non-interactive
        environment.

     --ssh-key-file
        The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
        ~/.ssh/google_compute_engine.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist.

