NAME
    gcloud alpha dataproc operations delete - delete the record of an inactive
        operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataproc operations delete (OPERATION : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete the record of an inactive operation.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The ID of the operation to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
     [operation] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
     argument [--project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud Dataproc region for the operation. Each Cloud Dataproc region
          constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to
          deploying instances into Google Compute Engine zones inside the
          region. The default value of global is a special multi-region
          namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Google
          Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud
          Dataproc regions. Overrides the default dataproc/region property
          value for this command invocation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the record of an operation, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc operations delete operation_id

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc operations delete
        $ gcloud beta dataproc operations delete

