NAME
    gcloud alpha compute sole-tenancy node-templates - read and manage Google
        Compute Engine sole-tenancy node templates

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute sole-tenancy node-templates COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Node templates are used to create the nodes in node groups. Nodes
    are Compute Engine servers that are dedicated to your workload. Node
    templates define either the node type or the requirements for a node in
    terms of vCPU, memory, and localSSD.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine node
        template.

     create
        (ALPHA) Creates a Google Compute Engine node template.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Deletes a Google Compute Engine node template.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describes a Google Compute Engine node template.

     get-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Get the IAM Policy for a Google Compute Engine node template.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Google Compute Engine node templates.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine node
        template.

     set-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine node template.

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you will have to apply for early access and have your projects
    registered on the API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
    https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute sole-tenancy node-templates
        $ gcloud beta compute sole-tenancy node-templates

