NAME
    gcloud alpha game servers deployments commit-rollout - commit the ongoing
        Deployment rollout

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha game servers deployments commit-rollout
        (DEPLOYMENT : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Commit the ongoing Deployment rollout.

    A Deployment rollout updates game servers with a new image. The new image
    is specified through the spec field of game server template. It is a string
    field and follows the format of the spec field in Agones GameServer custom
    resource. Please see https://agones.dev for more details.

    The new game server template can be specified either through creating a new
    Deployment resource or through the start-rollout verb on an existing
    Deployment resource (gcloud game servers deployments start-rollout).

    Once the new game server template is specified, you can start the rollout
    by changing the percentage of game servers that run the new image through
    the set-rollout-target verb (gcloud game servers deployments
    set-rollout-target). The set-rollout-target verb specifies labels for
    clusters that should get the new image. It also specifies what percentage
    of game servers in each of the specified clusters should run the new image.

    Finally, you can finish the rollout using the commit verb (gcloud game
    servers deployments commit). This will set the rollout percentage to 100 in
    all clusters whose labels were previously specified by calling the
    set-rollout-target verb.

    If you need to revert a rollout, you can use the revert-rollout verb
    (gcloud game servers deployments revert-rollout) which deletes game servers
    running the new image.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Deployment resource - Cloud Game Server Deployment resource to commit
     rollout for. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
     attribute: provide the argument [deployment] on the command line with a
     fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
     argument [--project] on the command line. This must be specified.

       DEPLOYMENT
          ID of the deployment or fully qualified identifier for the
          deployment. This positional must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the gameservices/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist.

