NAME
    gcloud alpha dns - manage your Cloud DNS managed-zones and record-sets

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dns GROUP [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud dns command group lets you create and manage DNS zones
    and their associated records on Google Cloud DNS.

    Cloud DNS is a scalable, reliable and managed authoritative DNS service
    running on the same infrastructure as Google. It has low latency, high
    availability and is a cost-effective way to make your applications and
    services available to your users.

    More information on Cloud DNS can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/dns and detailed documentation can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     dns-keys
        (ALPHA) Manage Cloud DNS DNSKEY records.

     managed-zones
        (ALPHA) Manage your Cloud DNS managed-zones.

     operations
        (ALPHA) Manage your Cloud DNS operations.

     policies
        (ALPHA) Manage your Cloud DNS policies.

     project-info
        (ALPHA) View Cloud DNS related information for a project.

     record-sets
        (ALPHA) Manage the record-sets within your managed-zones.

EXAMPLES
    To see how to create and maintain managed-zones, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dns managed-zones --help

    To see how to maintain the record-sets within a managed-zone, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dns record-sets --help

    To display Cloud DNS related information for your project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dns project-info describe --help

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dns
        $ gcloud beta dns

