NAME
    gcloud meta apis messages generate-export-schemas - generate YAML export
        schemas for a message in a given API

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud meta apis messages generate-export-schemas MESSAGE --api=API
        [--api-version=API_VERSION] [--directory=DIRECTORY]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    gcloud commands that have "too many" create/update command flags may also
    provide export/import commands. export lists the current state of a
    resource in a YAML export format. import reads export format data and
    either creates a new resource or updates an existing resource.

    An export format is an abstract YAML representation of the mutable fields
    of a populated protobuf message. Abstraction allows the export format to
    hide implementation details of some protobuf constructs like enums and
    additionalProperties.

    One way of describing an export format is with JSON schemas. A schema
    documents export format properties for a message in an API, and can also be
    used to validate data on import. Validation is important because users can
    modify export data before importing it again.

    This command generates JSON schemas (in YAML format, go figure) for a
    protobuf message in an API. A separate schema files is generated for each
    nested message in the resource message.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     MESSAGE
        The name of the message to generate the YAML export schemas for.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --api=API
        The name of the API to get the attributes for.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --api-version=API_VERSION
        The version of the given API to use. If not provided, the default
        version of the API will be used.

     --directory=DIRECTORY
        The path name of the directory to create the YAML export schema files
        in. If not specified then the files are created in the current
        directory.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

CAVEATS
    The generated schemas depend on the quality of the protobuf discovery docs,
    including proto file comment conventions that are not error checked. Always
    manually inspect schemas before using them in a release.

EXAMPLES
    To generate the WorkflowTemplate schemas in the current directory from the
    dataproc v1beta2 API:

        $ gcloud meta apis messages generate-export-schemas \
            WorkflowTemplate --api=dataproc --api-version=v1beta2

NOTES
    This command is an internal implementation detail and may change or
    disappear without notice.

