NAME
    gcloud meta apis messages list-export-schema - list a YAML export schema
        for a message in a given API

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud meta apis messages list-export-schema MESSAGE --api=API
        [--api-version=API_VERSION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    gcloud commands that have "too many" create/update command flags may also
    provide export/import commands. export lists the current state of a
    resource in a YAML export format. import reads export format data and
    either creates a new resource or updates an existing resource.

    An export format is an abstract YAML representation of the mutable fields
    of a populated protobuf message. Abstraction allows the export format to
    hide implementation details of some protobuf constructs like enums and
    additionalProperties.

    One way of describing an export format is with a JSON schema. A schema
    documents export format properties and can also be used to validate data on
    import. Validation is important because users can modify export data before
    importing it again.

    This command lists a JSON schema (in YAML format, go figure) for a protobuf
    message in an API.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     MESSAGE
        The name of the message to list the YAML export schema for.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --api=API
        The name of the API to get the attributes for.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --api-version=API_VERSION
        The version of the given API to use. If not provided, the default
        version of the API will be used.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --configuration,
    --flatten, --format, --help, --log-http, --project, --quiet, --trace-token,
    --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for details.

CAVEATS
    The generated schemas depend on the quality of the protobuf discovery docs,
    including proto file comment conventions that are not error checked. Always
    manually inspect schemas before using them in a release.

EXAMPLES
    To generate the WorkflowTemplate schema in the dataproc v1beta2 API:

        $ gcloud meta apis messages list-export-schema WorkflowTemplate \
            --api=dataproc --api-version=v1beta2

NOTES
    This command is an internal implementation detail and may change or
    disappear without notice.

