NAME
    gcloud alpha compute org-security-policies - manage Google Compute Engine
        organization security policies

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute org-security-policies GROUP | COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Manage Google Compute Organization Engine security policies.
    Organization security policies are used to control incoming/outgoing
    traffic.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     associations
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine organization security
        policy associations.

     rules
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine organization security
        policy rules.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     copy-rules
        (ALPHA) Replace the rules of a Google Compute Engine organization
        security policy with rules from another policy.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a Google Compute Engine organization security policy.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete a Google Compute Engine organization security policy.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe a Google Compute Engine organization security policy.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Google Compute Engine organization security policies.

     list-rules
        (ALPHA) List the rules of a Google Compute Engine organization security
        policy.

     move
        (ALPHA) Move a Google Compute Engine organization security policy.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a Google Compute Engine organization security policy.

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta compute org-security-policies

