NAME
    gcloud beta redis instances - manage Cloud Memorystore Redis instances

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta redis instances COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     create
        (BETA) Create a Memorystore Redis instance.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete a Redis instance.

     describe
        (BETA) Show metadata for a Memorystore Redis instance.

     export
        (BETA) Export data from a Memorystore Redis instance to Google Cloud
        Storage.

     failover
        (BETA) Failover a standard tier Cloud Memorystore for Redis instance
        from the master node to its replica.

     get-auth-string
        (BETA) Show AUTH string for a Memorystore Redis instance.

     import
        (BETA) Import data to a Memorystore Redis instance from Google Cloud
        Storage.

     list
        (BETA) List Memorystore Redis instances.

     update
        (BETA) Update Memorystore Redis instances.

     upgrade
        (BETA) Upgrade a Memorystore for Redis instance to a specified Redis
        version.

EXAMPLES
    To create an instance with the name my-redis-instance, run:

        $ gcloud beta redis instances create my-redis-instance

    To delete an instance with the name my-redis-instance, run:

        $ gcloud beta redis instances delete my-redis-instance

    To display the details for an instance with the name my-redis-instance,
    run:

        $ gcloud beta redis instances describe my-redis-instance

    To list all the instances, run:

        $ gcloud beta redis instances list

    To set the label env to prod for an instance with the name
    my-redis-instance, run:

        $ gcloud beta redis instances my-redis-instance \
            --update-labels=env=prod

NOTES
    This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud redis instances
        $ gcloud alpha redis instances

