NAME
    gcloud alpha compute - create and manipulate Google Compute Engine
        resources

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud compute command group lets you create, configure and
    manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

    With Compute Engine you can create and run virtual machines on Google
    infrastructure. Compute Engine offers scale, performance, and value that
    allows you to easily launch large compute clusters on Google's
    infrastructure.

    More information on Compute Engine can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/compute/ and detailed documentation can be found
    here: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     accelerator-types
        (ALPHA) Read Google Compute Engine accelerator types.

     addresses
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine addresses.

     backend-buckets
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate backend buckets.

     backend-services
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete backend services.

     commitments
        (ALPHA) Manage Google Compute Engine commitments.

     diagnose
        (ALPHA) Debugging tools for Google Compute Engine virtual machine
        instances.

     disk-types
        (ALPHA) Read Google Compute Engine virtual disk types.

     disks
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine disks.

     external-vpn-gateways
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine External VPN
        Gateways.

     firewall-rules
        (ALPHA) List, create, update, and delete Google Compute Engine firewall
        rules.

     forwarding-rules
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate traffic forwarding rules to network load
        balancers.

     health-checks
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate health checks for load balanced instances.

     http-health-checks
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced
        instances.

     https-health-checks
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate HTTPS health checks for load balanced
        instances.

     images
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images.

     instance-groups
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instance groups.

     instance-templates
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instances templates.

     instances
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine
        instances.

     interconnects
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine interconnects.

     machine-images
        (ALPHA) Read and manage Google Compute Engine machine image resources.

     machine-types
        (ALPHA) Read Google Compute Engine virtual machine types.

     network-endpoint-groups
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine network endpoint
        groups.

     networks
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine networks.

     operations
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine operations.

     org-security-policies
        (ALPHA) Manage Google Compute Engine organization security policies.

     os-config
        (ALPHA) Manage OS Config tasks for Compute Engine VM instances.

     os-login
        (ALPHA) Create and manipulate Google Compute Engine OS Login resources.

     packet-mirrorings
        (ALPHA) Manage Google Compute Engine packet mirroring resources.

     project-info
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate project-level data like quotas and
        metadata.

     public-advertised-prefixes
        (ALPHA) Manage public advertised prefix resources.

     public-delegated-prefixes
        (ALPHA) Manage public delegated prefix resources.

     regions
        (ALPHA) List Google Compute Engine regions.

     reservations
        (ALPHA) Manage Compute Engine reservations.

     resource-policies
        (ALPHA) Manage Google Compute Engine Resource Policies.

     routers
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine routers.

     routes
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate routes.

     security-policies
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine security policies.
        Security policies are used to control access to Google Cloud HTTP/HTTPS
        load balancers.

     shared-vpc
        (ALPHA) Configure shared VPC.

     snapshots
        (ALPHA) List, describe, and delete Google Compute Engine snapshots.

     sole-tenancy
        (ALPHA) Read and manage Compute Engine sole-tenancy resources.

     ssl-certificates
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine SSL
        certificates.

     ssl-policies
        (ALPHA) List, create, delete and update Google Compute Engine SSL
        policies.

     target-grpc-proxies
        (ALPHA) Manage Google Compute Engine target gRPC proxy resources.

     target-http-proxies
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

     target-https-proxies
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete target HTTPS proxies.

     target-instances
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual target
        instances.

     target-pools
        (ALPHA) Control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing.

     target-ssl-proxies
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete target SSL proxies.

     target-tcp-proxies
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete target TCP proxies.

     target-vpn-gateways
        (ALPHA) read and manipulate Google Compute Engine Classic VPN Gateways.

     tpus
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete Cloud TPUs.

     url-maps
        (ALPHA) List, create, and delete URL maps.

     vpn-gateways
        (ALPHA) read and manipulate Google Compute Engine Highly Available VPN
        Gateways.

     vpn-tunnels
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine VPN Tunnels.

     zones
        (ALPHA) List Google Compute Engine zones.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     config-ssh
        (ALPHA) Populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance.

     connect-to-serial-port
        (ALPHA) Connect to the serial port of an instance.

     copy-files
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine
        virtual machines via scp.

     reset-windows-password
        (ALPHA) Reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance.

     scp
        (ALPHA) Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines
        via scp.

     sign-url
        (ALPHA) Sign specified URL for use with Cloud CDN Signed URLs.

     ssh
        (ALPHA) SSH into a virtual machine instance.

     start-iap-tunnel
        (ALPHA) Starts an IAP TCP forwarding tunnel.

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute
        $ gcloud beta compute

