NAME
    gcloud service-management - create, enable and manage API services

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud service-management GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Google Service Management is an infrastructure service of Google Cloud
    Platform that manages other APIs and services, including Google's own Cloud
    Platform services and their APIs, and services created using Google Cloud
    Endpoints.

    More information on Service Management can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/service-management and detailed documentation can
    be found here: https://cloud.google.com/service-management/docs/

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --configuration,
    --flatten, --format, --help, --log-http, --project, --quiet, --trace-token,
    --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     configs
        View configurations for various services.

     operations
        Manage Operation for various services.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (REMOVED) Adds IAM policy binding to a service's access policy.

     check-iam-policy
        (REMOVED) Returns information about a member's permissions on a
        service.

     delete
        (REMOVED) Deletes a service.

     deploy
        (REMOVED) Deploys a service configuration for the given service name.

     describe
        (REMOVED) Describes a service given a service name.

     disable
        (REMOVED) Disables a service for consumption for a project.

     enable
        (REMOVED) Enables a service for consumption for a project.

     get-iam-policy
        (REMOVED) Describes the IAM policy for a service.

     list
        (REMOVED) List services for a project.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (REMOVED) Removes an IAM policy binding from a service's access policy.

     undelete
        (REMOVED) Undeletes a service given a service name.

NOTES
    This command is an internal implementation detail and may change or
    disappear without notice.

