NAME
    gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments - commands for Deployment
        Manager deployments

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Commands to create, update, delete, and examine deployments of
    resources.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     cancel-preview
        (ALPHA) Cancel a pending or running deployment preview.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a deployment.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete a deployment.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Provide information about a deployment.

     list
        (ALPHA) List deployments in a project.

     stop
        (ALPHA) Stop a pending or running deployment update or creation.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a deployment based on a provided config file.

EXAMPLES
    To create a deployment, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments create my-deployment \
            --config config.yaml

    To update a deployment, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments update my-deployment \
            --config new_config.yaml

    To stop a deployment create or update in progress, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments stop my-deployment

    To cancel a previewed create or update, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments cancel-preview \
            my-deployment

    To delete a deployment, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments delete my-deployment

    To view the details of a deployment, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments describe my-deployment

    To see the list of all deployments, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments list

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you will have to apply for early access and have your projects
    registered on the API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
    https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud deployment-manager deployments
        $ gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments

