NAME
    gcloud alpha compute backend-services - list, create, and delete backend
        services

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute backend-services COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) List, create, and delete backend services.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-backend
        (ALPHA) Add a backend to a backend service.

     add-signed-url-key
        (ALPHA) Add Cloud CDN Signed URL key to a backend service.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a backend service.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete backend services.

     delete-signed-url-key
        (ALPHA) Delete Cloud CDN Signed URL key from a backend service.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Display detailed information about a backend service.

     edit
        (ALPHA) Modify backend services.

     export
        (ALPHA) Export a backend service.

     get-health
        (ALPHA) Get backend health statuses from a backend service.

     import
        (ALPHA) Import a backend service.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Google Compute Engine backend services.

     remove-backend
        (ALPHA) Remove a backend from a backend service.

     set-security-policy
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Set the security policy for a backend service.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a backend service.

     update-backend
        (ALPHA) Update an existing backend in a backend service.

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you will have to apply for early access and have your projects
    registered on the API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
    https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute backend-services
        $ gcloud beta compute backend-services

