NAME
    gcloud compute - create and manipulate Google Compute Engine resources

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    The gcloud compute command group lets you create, configure and manipulate
    Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

    With Compute Engine you can create and run virtual machines on Google
    infrastructure. Compute Engine offers scale, performance, and value that
    allows you to easily launch large compute clusters on Google's
    infrastructure.

    More information on Compute Engine can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/compute/ and detailed documentation can be found
    here: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     accelerator-types
        Read Google Compute Engine accelerator types.

     addresses
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine addresses.

     backend-buckets
        Read and manipulate backend buckets.

     backend-services
        List, create, and delete backend services.

     commitments
        Manage Google Compute Engine commitments.

     disk-types
        Read Google Compute Engine virtual disk types.

     disks
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine disks.

     firewall-rules
        List, create, update, and delete Google Compute Engine firewall rules.

     forwarding-rules
        Read and manipulate traffic forwarding rules to network load balancers.

     health-checks
        Read and manipulate health checks for load balanced instances.

     http-health-checks
        Read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced instances.

     https-health-checks
        Read and manipulate HTTPS health checks for load balanced instances.

     images
        List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images.

     instance-groups
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instance groups.

     instance-templates
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instances templates.

     instances
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     interconnects
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine interconnects.

     machine-types
        Read Google Compute Engine virtual machine types.

     network-endpoint-groups
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine network endpoint groups.

     networks
        List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine networks.

     operations
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine operations.

     os-login
        Create and manipulate Google Compute Engine OS Login resources.

     project-info
        Read and manipulate project-level data like quotas and metadata.

     regions
        List Google Compute Engine regions.

     routers
        List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine routers.

     routes
        Read and manipulate routes.

     security-policies
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine security policies. Security
        policies are used to control access to Google Cloud HTTP/HTTPS load
        balancers.

     shared-vpc
        Configure shared VPC.

     snapshots
        List, describe, and delete Google Compute Engine snapshots.

     sole-tenancy
        Read and manage Google Compute Engine sole-tenancy resources.

     ssl-certificates
        List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine SSL certificates.

     ssl-policies
        List, create, delete and update Google Compute Engine SSL policies.

     target-http-proxies
        List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

     target-https-proxies
        List, create, and delete target HTTPS proxies.

     target-instances
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual target instances.

     target-pools
        Control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing.

     target-ssl-proxies
        List, create, and delete target SSL proxies.

     target-tcp-proxies
        List, create, and delete target TCP proxies.

     target-vpn-gateways
        read and manipulate Google Compute Engine Classic VPN Gateways.

     tpus
        List, create, and delete Cloud TPUs.

     url-maps
        List, create, and delete URL maps.

     vpn-tunnels
        Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine VPN Tunnels.

     zones
        List Google Compute Engine zones.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     config-ssh
        Populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance.

     connect-to-serial-port
        Connect to the serial port of an instance.

     copy-files
        (DEPRECATED) Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual
        machines via scp.

     reset-windows-password
        Reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance.

     scp
        Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines via scp.

     sign-url
        Sign specified URL for use with Cloud CDN Signed URLs.

     ssh
        SSH into a virtual machine instance.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha compute
        $ gcloud beta compute

