NAME
    gcloud alpha compute instances ops-agents policies delete - delete a Google
        Cloud Operations Suite Agents (Ops Agents) policy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute instances ops-agents policies delete POLICY_ID
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha compute instances ops-agents policies delete deletes a
    policy that facilitates agent management across Google Cloud Compute
    instances based on user specified instance filters. This policy installs,
    specifies versioning, enables autoupgrade, and removes Ops Agents.

    The command returns a response indicating whether the deletion is
    successful. Once a policy is deleted, it takes 10 ~ 15 minutes to be wiped
    out from the applicable instances. The existing agents that have been
    installed in the instances will remain untouched. In order to remove the
    agents from the instances, first update the policy to set the agent
    package-state to removed, wait for the policy to take effect, then delete
    the policy.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     POLICY_ID
        ID of the policy.

        This ID must start with ops-agents-, contain only lowercase letters,
        numbers, and hyphens, end with a number or a letter, be between 1-63
        characters, and be unique within the project. The goal of the prefix
        ops-agents- is to easily distinguish these Ops Agents specific policies
        from other generic policies and lower the chance of naming conflicts.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an Ops agents policy named ops-agents-test-policy in the current
    project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha compute instances ops-agents policies delete \
            ops-agents-test-policy

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist.

