NAME
    gcloud topic configurations - supplementary help for named configurations

DESCRIPTION
    gcloud properties can be stored in named configurations, which are
    collections of key-value pairs that influence the behavior of gcloud.

    Named configurations are intended to be an advanced feature, and you can
    probably ignore them entirely if you only work with one project.

    Properties that are commonly stored in configurations include default
    Google Compute Engine zone, verbosity level, project ID, and active user or
    service account. Configurations allow you to define and enable these and
    other settings together as a group.

    Configurations are especially useful if you:
      o Work with multiple projects. You can create a separate configuration
        for each project.
      o Use multiple accounts, for example, a user account and a service
        account, etc.
      o Perform generally orthogonal tasks (work on an appengine app in
        project foo, administer a Google Compute Engine cluster in zone
        user-central-1a, manage the network configurations for region
        asia-east-1, etc.)

    Property information stored in named configurations are readable by all
    gcloud commands and may be modified by gcloud config set and gcloud config
    unset.

Creating configurations

    Named configurations maybe be defined by users or built into gcloud.

    User defined configurations have lowercase names, such as 'johndoe',
    'default', 'jeff-staging', or 'foo2'. These are defined by the following
    regular expression: ^[a-z][-a-z0-9]*$

    Additionally there is a builtin configuration named NONE that has no
    properties set.

    The easiest way to create a brand new configuration is by running

        $ gcloud init

    This will guide you through setting up your first named configuration,
    creating a new named configuration, or reinitializing an existing named
    configuration. (Note: reinitializing an existing configuration will remove
    all its existing properties!)

    You can create a new empty configuration with

        $ gcloud config configurations create my-config

Using configurations

    gcloud may have at most one active configuration which provides property
    values. Inactive configurations have no effect on gcloud executions.

    You can activate a configuration with

        $ gcloud config configurations activate my-config

    To display the path of the active configuration, run:

        $ gcloud info --format='get(config.paths.active_config_path)'

    Note that changes to your OS login, Google Cloud Platform account or
    project could change the path.

    You can view and change the properties of your active configuration using
    the following commands:

        $ gcloud config list
        $ gcloud config set

    Additionally, commands under gcloud config configurations allow you to to
    list, activate, describe, and delete configurations that may or may not be
    active.

    You can activate a configuration for a single gcloud invocation using flag,
    --configuration my-config, or environment variable
    CLOUDSDK_ACTIVE_CONFIG_NAME=my-config.

AVAILABLE PROPERTIES
     core
         account
            The account gcloud should use for authentication. You can run
            gcloud auth list to see the accounts you currently have available.

         custom_ca_certs_file
            Absolute path to a custom CA cert file.

         default_regional_backend_service
            If True, backend services in gcloud compute backend-services will
            be regional by default. The --global flag will be required for
            global backend services.

         disable_color
            If True, color will not be used when printing messages in the
            terminal.

         disable_prompts
            If True, the default answer will be assumed for all user prompts.
            For any prompts that require user input, an error will be raised.
            This is equivalent to either using the global --quiet flag or
            setting the environment variable CLOUDSDK_CORE_DISABLE_PROMPTS to
            1.

         disable_usage_reporting
            If True, anonymous statistics on SDK usage will not be collected.
            This is value is set based on your choices during installation, but
            can be changed at any time. For more information, see:
            https://cloud.google.com/sdk/usage-statistics

         log_http
            If True, log HTTP requests and responses to the logs. You may need
            to adjust your verbosity setting if you want to see in the
            terminal, otherwise it is available in the log files.

         max_log_days
            Maximum number of days to retain log files before deleting. If set
            to 0, turns off log garbage collection and does not delete log
            files. If unset, defaults to 30.

         pass_credentials_to_gsutil
            If True, pass the configured Cloud SDK authentication to gsutil.

         project
            The project id of the Cloud Platform project to operate on by
            default. This can be overridden by using the global --project flag.

         show_structured_logs
            Controls when JSON structured log messages for the current
            verbosity and above will be written to standard error. The default
            is text format when disabled. Valid values are: never - Log
            messages as text, always - Always log messages as JSON, log - Only
            log messages as JSON if stderr is a file, terminal - Only log
            messages as JSON if stderr is a terminal. If unset default is
            never.

         trace_token
            Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
            issues. This token will be provided by Google support.

         user_output_enabled
            If False, messages to the user and command output on both standard
            output and standard error will be suppressed.

         verbosity
            The default logging verbosity for gcloud commands. This is the
            equivalent of using the global --verbosity flag.

     app
         cloud_build_timeout
            The timeout, in seconds, to wait for Docker builds to complete
            during deployments. All Docker builds now use the Container Builder
            API.

         promote_by_default
            If True, when deploying a new version of a service, that version
            will be promoted to receive all traffic for the service. The flag
            can be overridden via the --promote-by-default or
            --no-promote-by-default flags.

         stop_previous_version
            If True, when deploying a new version of a service, the previously
            deployed version is stopped. If False, older versions must be
            stopped manually.

         use_runtime_builders
            If set, opt in/out to a new code path for building applications
            using pre-fabricated runtimes that can be updated independently of
            client tooling. (If not set, will use the default path for each
            runtime.)

     auth
         disable_credentials
            If true, gcloud will not attempt to load any credentials or
            authenticate any requests. This is useful if you are behind a proxy
            that adds authentication to your requests.

     billing
         quota_project
            This is the project that will be charged quota for the operations
            performed in gcloud. When unset, the default is CURRENT_PROJECT,
            which will charge quota against your currently set project for the
            operations you perform on it. Some existing APIs will continue to
            use a shared project for quota by default when this property is
            unset. If you need to operate on one project, but charge quota
            against a different project, you can use this property to specify
            the alternate project.

     component_manager
         additional_repositories
            A comma separated list of additional repositories to check for
            components. This property is automatically managed by the gcloud
            components repositories commands.

         disable_update_check
            If True, the Cloud SDK will not automatically check for updates.

     compute
         region
            The default region to use when working with regional Compute Engine
            resources. When a --region flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices,
            run gcloud compute regions list.

         use_new_list_usable_subnets_api
            If True, use the new API for listing usable subnets which only
            returns subnets in the current project.

         zone
            The default zone to use when working with zonal Compute Engine
            resources. When a --zone flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices,
            run gcloud compute zones list.

     container
         build_timeout
            The timeout, in seconds, to wait for container builds to complete.

         cluster
            The name of the cluster to use by default when working with
            Kubernetes Engine.

         new_scopes_behavior
            Use new scopes behavior: if true, do not add compute-rw,
            storage-ro, service-control, or service-management scopes. The
            former two (compute-rw and storage-ro) only applies to clusters at
            Kubernetes v1.9 and below; starting in v1.10, compute-rw and
            storage-ro are not added by default regardless. Any of these scopes
            may be added explicitly using --scopes. If true,
            --[no-]enable-cloud-endpoints is not allowed. This will be the
            default behavior in a future release. This property is ignored in
            alpha and beta, which always use the new behavior. See --scopes
            help for more info.

         use_application_default_credentials
            Use application default credentials to authenticate to the cluster
            API server.

         use_client_certificate
            Use the cluster's client certificate to authenticate to the cluster
            API server.

         use_v1_api
            If true, all gcloud Kubernetes Engine commands (regardless of
            release track) will use the v1 API; otherwise, gcloud beta track
            commands will use v1beta1 API and gcloud alpha track commands will
            use v1alpha1 API. By default, it is set to true. The Kubernetes
            Engine v1alpha1 API is whitelist-only at this time. Note:
            use_v1_api is an alias of use_v1_api_client.

         use_v1_api_client
            If true, all gcloud Kubernetes Engine commands (regardless of
            release track) will use the v1 API; otherwise, gcloud beta track
            commands will use v1beta1 API and gcloud alpha track commands will
            use v1alpha1 API. By default, it is set to true. The Kubernetes
            Engine v1alpha1 API is whitelist-only at this time. Note:
            use_v1_api_client is an alias of use_v1_api.

     dataproc
         region
            Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc
            region constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to
            deploying instances into Google Compute Engine zones inside the
            region. The default value of "global" is a special multi-region
            namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Google
            Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud
            Dataproc regions.

     functions
         region
            The default region to use when working with Google Compute
            functions resources. When a --region flag is required but not
            provided, the command will fall back to this value, if set. To see
            valid choices, run gcloud functions regions list.

     gcloudignore
         enabled
            Whether to enable .gcloudignore files (see $ gcloud topic
            gcloudignore). If false, turn off the gcloudignore mechanism
            entirely and upload all files.

     interactive
         bottom_bindings_line
            Display the bottom key bindings line, if true.

         bottom_status_line
            Display the bottom status line, if true.

         completion_menu_lines
            Number of lines in the completion menu.

         context
            Command context string.

         fixed_prompt_position
            Display the prompt at the same position, if true.

         help_lines
            Maximum number of help snippet lines.

         hidden
            Expose hidden commands/flags, if true.

         justify_bottom_lines
            Left- and right-justify bottom toolbar lines, if true.

         manpage_generator
            Use the manpage CLI tree generator for unsupported commands, if
            true.

         multi_column_completion_menu
            Display the completions as a multi-column menu, if true.

         prompt
            Command prompt string.

         show_help
            Show help as command args are entered, if true.

         suggest
            Add command line suggestions based on history, if true.

     ml_engine
         local_python
            The full path to the Python interpreter to use for Cloud ML Engine
            local predict/train jobs. If not specified, will default to using
            the Python interpreter found on system PATH.

         polling_interval
            The interval (in seconds) at which to poll logs from your Cloud ML
            Engine jobs. Note that making it much faster than the default (60)
            will quickly use all of your quota.

     proxy
         address
            The hostname or IP address of your proxy server.

         password
            If your proxy requires authentication, the password to use when
            connecting.

         port
            The port to use when connected to your proxy server.

         rdns
            If True (default), DNS queries will not be performed locally, and
            instead, handed to the proxy to resolve.

         type
            The type of proxy you are using. Supported proxy types are: [http,
            http_no_tunnel, socks4, socks5].

         username
            If your proxy requires authentication, the username to use when
            connecting.

     spanner
         instance
            The default instance to use when working with Cloud Spanner
            resources. When an instance is required but not provided by a flag,
            the command will fall back to this value, if set.
