NAME
    gcloud alpha datastore - manage your Cloud Datastore indexes

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha datastore GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud datastore command group lets you create and delete
    Google Cloud Datastore indexes.

    Cloud Datastore is a highly-scalable NoSQL database for your applications.
    Cloud Datastore automatically handles sharding and replication, providing
    you with a highly available and durable database that scales automatically
    to handle your applications' load.

    More information on Cloud Datastore can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/datastore and detailed documentation can be found
    here: https://cloud.google.com/datastore/docs

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     indexes
        (ALPHA) Manage Cloud Datastore indexes.

     operations
        (ALPHA) Manage Long Running Operations for Cloud Datastore.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     export
        (ALPHA) Export Cloud Datastore entities to Google Cloud Storage.

     import
        (ALPHA) Import Cloud Datastore entities from Google Cloud Storage.

EXAMPLES
    To create new indexes from a file, run:

        $ gcloud alpha datastore indexes create index.yaml

    To clean up unused indexes from a file, run:

        $ gcloud alpha datastore indexes cleanup index.yaml

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud datastore
        $ gcloud beta datastore

