NAME
    gcloud alpha compute instance-templates - read and manipulate Compute
        Engine instances templates

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute instance-templates COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Lists, creates, deletes, and modifies Compute Engine instance
    templates.

    For more information about instance templates, see the instances templates
    documentation (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-templates).

    See also: Instance templates API
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instanceTemplates).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine instance
        template.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a Compute Engine virtual machine instance template.

     create-with-container
        (ALPHA) Creates Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance template
        running Docker images.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance
        templates.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe a virtual machine instance template.

     get-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance
        template.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Google Compute Engine instance templates.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine instance
        template.

     set-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance
        template.

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instance-templates
        $ gcloud beta compute instance-templates

