NAME
    gcloud alpha filestore snapshots - create and manage Cloud Filestore
        snapshots

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha filestore snapshots COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a Cloud Filestore snapshot.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete a Cloud Filestore snapshot.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe a Cloud Filestore snapshot.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Cloud Filestore snapshots.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a Cloud Filestore snapshot.

EXAMPLES
    To create a snapshot with the name 'my-snapshot', run:

        $ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots create my-snapshot

    To create a local snapshot with the name 'my-snapshot', run:

        $ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots create my-snapshot --local

    To delete a snapshot with the name 'my-snapshot', run:

        $ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots delete my-snapshot

    To display the details for an snapshot with the name 'my-snapshot', run:

        $ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots describe my-snapshot

    To list all the snapshots, run:

        $ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots list

    To set the label 'env' to 'prod' for an snapshot with the name
    'my-snapshot', run:

        $ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots my-snapshot \
            --update-labels=env=prod

NOTES
    This command is an internal implementation detail and may change or
    disappear without notice. This command is currently in ALPHA and may change
    without notice. If this command fails with API permission errors despite
    specifying the right project, you may be trying to access an API with an
    invitation-only early access whitelist.

