NAME
    gcloud alpha apigee developers describe - describe an Apigee developer

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apigee developers describe
        (DEVELOPER : --organization=ORGANIZATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe an Apigee developer.

    gcloud alpha apigee developers describe retrieves the developer's details,
    including the developer's name, email address, apps, and other information.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Developer resource - Email address of the developer to be described. To
     get a list of available developers, run gcloud alpha apigee developers
     list. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
     this resource. This must be specified.

       DEVELOPER
          ID of the developer or fully qualified identifier for the developer.
          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization containing the developer. If unspecified, the
          Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a developer for the active Cloud Platform project whose email
    address is larry@example.com, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee developers describe larry@example.com

    To describe that developer in the Apigee organization my-org, formatted as
    a JSON object, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee developers describe larry@example.com \
          --organization=my-org --format=json

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud apigee developers describe
        $ gcloud beta apigee developers describe

