NAME
    gcloud beta config - view and edit Cloud SDK properties

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta config GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) The gcloud beta config command group lets you set, view and unset
    properties used by Cloud SDK.

    A configuration is a set of properties that govern the behavior of gcloud
    and other Cloud SDK tools. The initial default configuration is set when
    gcloud init is run. You can create additional named configurations using
    gcloud init or gcloud beta config configurations create.

    To display the path of the active configuration along with information
    about the current gcloud environment, run $ gcloud info.

    To switch between configurations, use gcloud beta config configurations
    activate.

    gcloud supports several flags that have the same effect as properties in a
    configuration (for example, gcloud supports both the --project flag and
    project property). Properties differ from flags in that flags affect
    command behavior on a per-invocation basis. Properties allow you to
    maintain the same settings across command executions.

    For more information on configurations, see gcloud topic configurations.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     configurations
        (BETA) Manage the set of gcloud named configurations.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     get-value
        (BETA) Print the value of a Cloud SDK property.

     list
        (BETA) List Cloud SDK properties for the currently active
        configuration.

     set
        (BETA) Set a Cloud SDK property.

     unset
        (BETA) Unset a Cloud SDK property.

AVAILABLE PROPERTIES
     core
         account
            Account gcloud should use for authentication. Run gcloud auth list
            to see your currently available accounts.

         custom_ca_certs_file
            Absolute path to a custom CA cert file.

         default_regional_backend_service
            If True, backend services in gcloud compute backend-services will
            be regional by default. Setting the --global flag is required for
            global backend services.

         disable_color
            If True, color will not be used when printing messages in the
            terminal.

         disable_file_logging
            If True, gcloud will not store logs to a file. This may be useful
            if disk space is limited.

         disable_prompts
            If True, the default answer will be assumed for all user prompts.
            However, for any prompts that require user input, an error will be
            raised. This is equivalent to either using the global --quiet flag
            or setting the environment variable CLOUDSDK_CORE_DISABLE_PROMPTS
            to 1. Setting this property is useful when scripting with gcloud.

         disable_usage_reporting
            If True, anonymous statistics on SDK usage will not be collected.
            This value is set by default based on your choices during
            installation, but can be changed at any time. For more information,
            see: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/usage-statistics

         log_http
            If True, log HTTP requests and responses to the logs. To see logs
            in the terminal, adjust verbosity settings. Otherwise, logs are
            available in their respective log files.

         max_log_days
            Maximum number of days to retain log files before deleting. If set
            to 0, turns off log garbage collection and does not delete log
            files. If unset, the default is 30 days.

         pass_credentials_to_gsutil
            If True, pass the configured Cloud SDK authentication to gsutil.

         project
            Project ID of the Cloud Platform project to operate on by default.
            This can be overridden by using the global --project flag.

         show_structured_logs
            Control when JSON-structured log messages for the current verbosity
            level (and above) will be written to standard error. If this
            property is disabled, logs are formatted as text by default.

            Valid values are:
            + never - Log messages as text
            + always - Always log messages as JSON
            + log - Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a file
            + terminal - Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a terminal

    If unset, default is never.

         trace_token
            Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
            issues. This token will be provided by Google support.

         user_output_enabled
            True, by default. If False, messages to the user and command output
            on both standard output and standard error will be suppressed.

         verbosity
            Default logging verbosity for gcloud commands. This is the
            equivalent of using the global --verbosity flag. Supported
            verbosity levels: debug, info, warning, error, and none.

     accessibility
         screen_reader
            Make gcloud more screen reader friendly.

     app
         cloud_build_timeout
            Timeout, in seconds, to wait for Docker builds to complete during
            deployments. All Docker builds now use the Cloud Build API.

         promote_by_default
            If True, when deploying a new version of a service, that version
            will be promoted to receive all traffic for the service. This
            property can be overridden via the --promote-by-default or
            --no-promote-by-default flags.

         stop_previous_version
            If True, when deploying a new version of a service, the previously
            deployed version is stopped. If False, older versions must be
            stopped manually.

         use_runtime_builders
            If set, opt in/out to a new code path for building applications
            using pre-fabricated runtimes that can be updated independently of
            client tooling. If not set, the default path for each runtime is
            used.

     artifacts
         location
            Default location to use when working with Artifact Registry
            resources. When a location value is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. If this value is
            unset, the default location is global when location value is
            optional.

         repository
            Default repository to use when working with Artifact Registry
            resources. When a repository value is required but not provided,
            the command will fall back to this value, if set.

     auth
         disable_credentials
            If True, gcloud will not attempt to load any credentials or
            authenticate any requests. This is useful when behind a proxy that
            adds authentication to requests.

         impersonate_service_account
            After setting this property, all API requests will be made as the
            given service account instead of the currently selected account.
            This is done without needing to create, download, and activate a
            key for the account. In order to perform operations as the service
            account, your currently selected account must have an IAM role that
            includes the iam.serviceAccounts.getAccessToken permission for the
            service account. The roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator role has
            this permission or you may create a custom role.

     billing
         quota_project
            Project that will be charged quota for the operations performed in
            gcloud. When unset, the default is [CURRENT_PROJECT]; this will
            charge quota against the currently set project for operations
            performed on it. Additionally, some existing APIs will continue to
            use a shared project for quota by default, when this property is
            unset.

            If you need to operate on one project, but need quota against a
            different project, you can use this property to specify the
            alternate project.

     builds
         kaniko_cache_ttl
            TTL, in hours, of cached layers when using Kaniko. If zero, layer
            caching is disabled.

         timeout
            Timeout, in seconds, to wait for builds to complete. If unset,
            defaults to 10 minutes.

         use_kaniko
            If True, kaniko will be used to build images described by a
            Dockerfile, instead of docker build.

     component_manager
         additional_repositories
            Comma separated list of additional repositories to check for
            components. This property is automatically managed by the gcloud
            components repositories commands.

         disable_update_check
            If True, Cloud SDK will not automatically check for updates.

     composer
         location
            Composer location to use. Each Composer location constitutes an
            independent resource namespace constrained to deploying
            environments into Compute Engine regions inside this location. This
            parameter corresponds to the /locations/<location> segment of the
            Composer resource URIs being referenced.

     compute
         region
            Default region to use when working with regional Compute Engine
            resources. When a --region flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices,
            run gcloud compute regions list.

         use_new_list_usable_subnets_api
            If True, use the new API for listing usable subnets which only
            returns subnets in the current project.

         zone
            Default zone to use when working with zonal Compute Engine
            resources. When a --zone flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices,
            run gcloud compute zones list.

     container
         build_timeout
            Timeout, in seconds, to wait for container builds to complete.

         cluster
            Name of the cluster to use by default when working with Kubernetes
            Engine.

         use_application_default_credentials
            If True, use application default credentials to authenticate to the
            cluster API server.

         use_client_certificate
            If True, use the cluster's client certificate to authenticate to
            the cluster API server.

     context_aware
         use_client_certificate
            If True, use client certificate to authorize user device using
            Context-aware access. Some services may not support client
            certificate authorization. If a command sends requests to such
            services, the client certificate will not be validated. Run gcloud
            topic client-certificate for list of services supporting this
            feature.

     dataflow
         disable_public_ips
            Specifies that Cloud Dataflow workers must not use public IP
            addresses.

         print_only
            Prints the container spec to stdout. Does not save in Google Cloud
            Storage.

     datafusion
         location
            Datafusion location to use. Each Datafusion location constitutes an
            independent resource namespace constrained to deploying
            environments into Compute Engine regions inside this location. This
            parameter corresponds to the /locations/<location> segment of the
            Datafusion resource URIs being referenced.

     dataproc
         region
            Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
            constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to
            deploying instances into Compute Engine zones inside the region.

     deployment_manager
         glob_imports
            Enable import path globbing. Uses glob patterns to match multiple
            imports in a config file.

     filestore
         location
            (DEPRECATED) Please use the --location flag or set the
            filestore/zone property.

         zone
            Default zone to use when working with Cloud Filestore zones. When a
            --zone flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
            back to this value, if set.

     functions
         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Functions resources.
            When a --region flag is required but not provided, the command will
            fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run gcloud
            beta functions regions list.

     game_services
         default_deployment
            Default deployment to use when working with Cloud Game Services
            list configs. When a --deployment flag is required in a list
            command but not provided, the command will fall back to this value
            which envokes aggregated list from the backend.

         default_realm
            Default realm to use when working with Cloud Game Services list
            clusters. When a --realm flag is required in a list command but not
            provided, the command will fall back to this value which envokes
            aggregated list from the backend.

         location
            Default location to use when working with Cloud Game Services
            resources. When a --location flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

     gcloudignore
         enabled
            If True, do not upload .gcloudignore files (see $ gcloud topic
            gcloudignore). If False, turn off the gcloudignore mechanism
            entirely and upload all files.

     healthcare
         dataset
            Default dataset to use when working with Cloud Healthcare
            resources. When a --dataset flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set.

         location
            Default location to use when working with Cloud Healthcare
            resources. When a --location flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

     interactive
         bottom_bindings_line
            If True, display the bottom key bindings line.

         bottom_status_line
            If True, display the bottom status line.

         completion_menu_lines
            Number of lines in the completion menu.

         context
            Command context string.

         fixed_prompt_position
            If True, display the prompt at the same position.

         help_lines
            Maximum number of help snippet lines.

         hidden
            If True, expose hidden commands/flags.

         justify_bottom_lines
            If True, left- and right-justify bottom toolbar lines.

         manpage_generator
            If True, use the manpage CLI tree generator for unsupported
            commands.

         multi_column_completion_menu
            If True, display the completions as a multi-column menu.

         prompt
            Command prompt string.

         show_help
            If True, show help as command args are being entered.

         suggest
            If True, add command line suggestions based on history.

     lifesciences
         location
            Default location to use when working with Cloud Life Sciences
            resources. When a --location flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

     memcache
         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Memorystore for
            Memcached resources. When a region is required but not provided by
            a flag, the command will fall back to this value, if set.

     ml_engine
         local_python
            Full path to the Python interpreter to use for Cloud ML Engine
            local predict/train jobs. If not specified, the default path is the
            one to the Python interpreter found on system PATH.

         polling_interval
            Interval (in seconds) at which to poll logs from your Cloud ML
            Engine jobs. Note that making it much faster than the default (60)
            will quickly use all of your quota.

     notebooks
         location
            Default location to use when working with Notebook resources. When
            a location value is required but not provided, the command will
            fall back to this value, if set.

     privateca
         location
            Default location to use when working with Private CA resources.
            When a --location flag is required but not provided, the command
            will fall back to this value, if set.

     proxy
         address
            Hostname or IP address of proxy server.

         password
            Password to use when connecting, if the proxy requires
            authentication.

         port
            Port to use when connected to the proxy server.

         rdns
            If True, DNS queries will not be performed locally, and instead,
            handed to the proxy to resolve. This is default behavior.

         type
            Type of proxy being used. Supported proxy types are: [http,
            http_no_tunnel, socks4, socks5].

         username
            Username to use when connecting, if the proxy requires
            authentication.

     redis
         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Memorystore for Redis
            resources. When a region is required but not provided by a flag,
            the command will fall back to this value, if set.

     run
         cluster
            ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster

         cluster_location
            Zone or region in which the cluster is located.

         platform
            Target platform for running commands.

         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Run resources. When a
            --region flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
            back to this value, if set.

     scc
         organization
            Default organization gcloud should use for scc surface.

     secrets
         locations
            A comma separated list of the locations to replicate secrets to.
            Only applies to secrets with a user-managed policy.

         replication-policy
            The type of replication policy to apply to secrets. Allowed values
            are "automatic" and "user-managed". If user-managed then locations
            must also be provided.

     spanner
         instance
            Default instance to use when working with Cloud Spanner resources.
            When an instance is required but not provided by a flag, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set.

     survey
         disable_prompts
            If True, gcloud will not prompt you to take periodic usage
            experience surveys.

     vmware
         location
            Default location to use when working with Cloud VMware resources.
            When a --location flag is required but not provided, the command
            will fall back to this value, if set.

NOTES
    This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud config
        $ gcloud alpha config

