NAME
    gcloud compute instance-groups managed - read and manipulate Google Compute
        Engine managed instance groups

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute instance-groups managed GROUP | COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     rolling-action
        Manipulate rolling actions on Google Compute Engine managed instance
        groups.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     abandon-instances
        Abandon instances owned by a managed instance group.

     create
        Create a Compute Engine managed instance group.

     delete
        Delete Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     delete-instances
        Delete instances managed by managed instance group.

     describe
        Display detailed information about an instance group.

     get-named-ports
        Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

     list
        List Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     list-instances
        List instances present in the managed instance group.

     recreate-instances
        Recreate instances managed by a managed instance group.

     resize
        Set managed instance group size.

     set-autoscaling
        Set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     set-instance-template
        Set instance template for managed instance group.

     set-named-ports
        Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.

     set-target-pools
        Set target pools of managed instance group.

     stop-autoscaling
        Stop autoscaling a managed instance group.

     update
        Update Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     wait-until-stable
        Waits until state of managed instance group is stable.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed
        $ gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed

