NAME
    gcloud apigee apis describe - describe an Apigee API proxy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud apigee apis describe (API : --organization=ORGANIZATION) [--verbose]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Apigee API proxy.

    gcloud apigee apis describe shows metadata about an API proxy and its
    revisions.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     API proxy resource - API proxy to be described. To get a list of available
     API proxies, run gcloud apigee apis list. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
     specified.

       API
          ID of the API proxy or fully qualified identifier for the API proxy.
          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization containing the API proxy. If unspecified, the
          Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used.

FLAGS
     --verbose
        Include proxy revision info in the description.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an API proxy called proxy-name given that its matching Cloud
    Platform project has been set in gcloud settings, run:

        $ gcloud apigee apis describe proxy-name

    To describe an API proxy called other-proxy-name in another project whose
    Apigee organization is named org-name, run:

        $ gcloud apigee apis describe other-proxy-name \
          --organization=org-name

    To describe an API proxy called proxy-name and include details on its
    revisions, run:

        $ gcloud apigee apis describe proxy-name --verbose

    To describe an API proxy called proxy-name as a JSON object, run:

        $ gcloud apigee apis describe proxy-name --format=json

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe
        $ gcloud beta apigee apis describe

