NAME
    gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed - read and manipulate Google
        Compute Engine managed instance groups

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed GROUP | COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     instance-configs
        (ALPHA) Manage instance-specific settings of managed instance group.

     rolling-action
        (ALPHA) Manipulate rolling actions on Google Compute Engine managed
        instance groups.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     abandon-instances
        (ALPHA) Abandon instances owned by a managed instance group.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a Compute Engine managed instance group.

     create-instance
        (ALPHA) Create a new virtual machine instance in a managed instance
        group with a defined name and optionally its stateful configuration.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     delete-instances
        (ALPHA) Delete instances managed by managed instance group.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Display detailed information about an instance group.

     export-autoscaling
        (ALPHA) Export autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     get-named-ports
        (ALPHA) Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     list-errors
        (ALPHA) List errors produced by managed instances in a managed instance
        group.

     list-instances
        (ALPHA) List instances present in the managed instance group.

     recreate-instances
        (ALPHA) Recreate instances managed by a managed instance group.

     resize
        (ALPHA) Set managed instance group size.

     set-autohealing
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Set autohealing policy for managed instance group.

     set-autoscaling
        (ALPHA) Set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     set-instance-template
        (ALPHA) Set instance template for managed instance group.

     set-named-ports
        (ALPHA) Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.

     set-target-pools
        (ALPHA) Set target pools of managed instance group.

     stop-autoscaling
        (ALPHA) Stop autoscaling a managed instance group.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     update-autoscaling
        (ALPHA) Update autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     update-instances
        (ALPHA) Immediately update selected instances in a Google Compute
        Engine managed instance group.

     wait-until
        (ALPHA) Wait until managed instance group reaches desired state.

     wait-until-stable
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Waits until state of managed instance group is
        stable.

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instance-groups managed
        $ gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed

