NAME
    gcloud alpha app domain-mappings - view and manage your App Engine domain
        mappings

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha app domain-mappings COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This set of commands can be used to view and manage your app's
    domain mappings.

    App Engine Domain Mappings allow an application to be served via one or
    many custom domains, such as example.com, instead of the default
    appspot.com address. You can use a custom domain with or without SSL.

    App Engine Domain Mappings allow an application to be served via one or
    many custom domains, such as example.com, instead of the default
    appspot.com address. You can use a custom domain with or without SSL. Use
    the AUTOMATIC management type to automatically provision an SSL certificate
    for your domain. Use the MANUAL management type to provide your own
    certificate or omit SSL.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --configuration,
    --flatten, --format, --help, --log-http, --project, --quiet, --trace-token,
    --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     create
        (ALPHA) Creates a domain mapping.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Deletes a specified domain mapping.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describes a specified domain mapping.

     list
        (ALPHA) Lists domain mappings.

     update
        (ALPHA) Updates a domain mapping.

EXAMPLES
    To list your App Engine domains, run:

        $ gcloud alpha app domain-mappings list

    To create a domain with an automatically managed certiticate, run:

        $ gcloud alpha app domain-mappings create 'example.com' \
            --certificate-management=AUTOMATIC

    To create a domain with a manual certificate, run:

        $ gcloud alpha app domain-mappings create 'example.com'            \
                 --certificate-management=manual --certificate-id=1234

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually,
    users of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to
    applicable terms, and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or
    sign up on a product's page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
    https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud app domain-mappings
        $ gcloud beta app domain-mappings

