NAME
    gcloud alpha privateca subordinates - manage subordinate certificate
        authorities

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha privateca subordinates COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Manage subordinate certificate authorities.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     activate
        (ALPHA) Activate a subordinate certificate authority in a pending
        state.

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Add IAM policy binding for a subordinate Certificate Authority.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a new subordinate certificate authority.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Permanently delete a subordinate certificate authority.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Get metadata for a subordinate Certificate Authority.

     disable
        (ALPHA) Disable a subordinate certificate authority.

     enable
        (ALPHA) Enable a subordinate certificate authority.

     get-csr
        (ALPHA) Get the CSR for a subordinate certificate authority that has
        not yet been activated.

     get-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Get the IAM policy for a subordinate Certificate Authority.

     list
        (ALPHA) List the subordinate certificate authorities within a location.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Remove IAM policy binding for a subordinate Certificate
        Authority.

     restore
        (ALPHA) Restore a subordinate Certificate Authority.

     set-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Set the IAM policy for a subordinate Certificate Authority.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update an existing subordinate certificate authority.

NOTES
    This command is an internal implementation detail and may change or
    disappear without notice. This command is currently in ALPHA and may change
    without notice. If this command fails with API permission errors despite
    specifying the right project, you may be trying to access an API with an
    invitation-only early access allowlist.

