NAME
    gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run commit - commit the
        dry-run mode configuration for all Service Perimeters

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run commit [--etag=etag]
        [--policy=policy] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) A commit operation on a Service Perimeter involves copying its
    dry-run mode configuration (spec) to that Service Perimeter's enforcement
    mode configration (status). This command performs this operation for all
    Service Perimeters in the user's Access Policy.

    Note: Only Service Perimeters with an explicit dry-run mode configuration
    are affected by this operation. The overall commit operation succeeds once
    the dry-run configurations of all such Service Perimeters have been
    committed. If a commit fails for any given Service Perimeter, it will cause
    the entire commit operation to be aborted.

FLAGS
     --etag=etag
        The etag for the version of the Access Policy that this commit
        operation is to be performed on. If, at the time of commit, the etag
        for the Access Policy stored in Access Context Manager is different
        from the specified etag, then the commit operation will not be
        performed and the call will fail. If etag is not provided, the
        operation will be performed as if a valid etag is provided.

     --policy=policy
        The parent Access Policy which owns all Service Perimeters in scope for
        the commit operation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

EXAMPLES
    To commit the dry-run mode configurations for all Service Perimeter in an
    Access Policy, run the following command:

        $ gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run commit

NOTES
    This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run commit

