NAME
    gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce - enforces a
        Service Perimeter's dry-run configuration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce
        (PERIMETER : --policy=POLICY) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Copies a Service Perimeter's dry-run mode configuration to its
    enforcement mode configuration and unsets the explicit dry-run spec. After
    this operation succeeds, the Service Perimeter will not have an explicit
    dry-run mode configuration, and, instead, the previous dry-run mode
    configuration will become the enforcement mode configuration. The operation
    will not be performed if there is no explicit dry-run mode configuration or
    if the dry-run mode configuration is incompatible with the overall
    enforcement mode VPC Service Controls policy.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Perimeter resource - The service perimeter to reset. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
     specified.

       PERIMETER
          ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter.
          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --policy=POLICY
          The ID of the access policy.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

EXAMPLES
    To enforce the dry-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter:

        $ gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce \
            my-perimeter

NOTES
    This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce

