NAME
    gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run - enable management
        of dry-run mode configuration for Service Perimeters

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) A Service Perimeter describes a set of Google Cloud Platform        resources which can freely import and export data amongst themselves,
        but not externally, by default.

        A dry-run mode configuration (also known as the Service Perimeter
        `spec`) makes it possible to understand the impact of any changes to a
        VPC Service Controls policy change before committing the change to the
        enforcement mode configuration.

        Note: For Service Perimeters without an explicit dry-run mode
        configuration, the enforcement mode configuration is used as the dry-run
        mode configuration, resulting in no audit logs being generated.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     commit
        (BETA) Commit the dry-run mode configuration for all Service
        Perimeters.

     create
        (BETA) Create a dry-run mode configuration for a new or existing
        Service Perimeter.

     delete
        (BETA) Mark the Service Perimeter as deleted in the dry-run mode.

     describe
        (BETA) Display the dry-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter.

     drop
        (BETA) Reset the dry-run mode configuration of a Service Perimeter.

     list
        (BETA) List the effective dry-run configuration across all Service
        Perimeters.

     reset
        (BETA) Reset the dry-run mode configuration of a Service Perimeter.

     update
        (BETA) Update the dry-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter.

NOTES
    This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run

