NAME
    gcloud beta compute networks update - update a Google Compute Engine
        network

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta compute networks update NAME [--async]
        [--bgp-routing-mode=MODE | --switch-to-custom-subnet-mode]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) gcloud beta compute networks update is used to update Google Compute
    Engine networks.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     NAME
        Name of the network to operate on.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     At most one of these may be specified:

       --bgp-routing-mode=MODE
          The target BGP routing mode for this network. MODE must be one of:

           global
              Cloud Routers in this network advertise subnetworks from all
              regions to their BGP peers, and program instances in all regions
              with the router's best learned BGP routes.
           regional
              Cloud Routers in this network advertise subnetworks from their
              local region only to their BGP peers, and program instances in
              their local region only with the router's best learned BGP
              routes.

       --switch-to-custom-subnet-mode
          Switch to custom subnet mode. This action cannot be undone.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity. Run $ gcloud help for
    details.

EXAMPLES
    To update regional network with the name 'network-name' to global, run:

        $ gcloud beta compute networks update network-name \
          --bgp-routing-mode=global

    To update an auto subnet mode network with the name 'network-name' to
    custom subnet mode, run:

        $ gcloud beta compute networks update network-name \
          --switch-to-custom-subnet-mode

NOTES
    This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute networks update
        $ gcloud alpha compute networks update

