NAME
    gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy - deploys an Apigee API proxy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy
        [[REVISION]
          --api=API --environment=ENVIRONMENT --organization=ORGANIZATION]
        [--override] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Deploy an Apigee API proxy to an environment.

    This command expects the API proxy's base path to not already be in use by
    a deployed proxy in the target environment. If it is in use, the deployment
    will fail by default. To instead undeploy the existing API proxy as part of
    the new deployment, use the --override command.

    Once a particular revision of an API proxy has been deployed, that revision
    can no longer be modified. Any updates to the API proxy must be saved as a
    new revision.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Revision resource - The API proxy revision to be deployed, and the
     environment in which to deploy it. The revision defaults to latest, a
     special value which will use the latest revision of the API proxy. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

       [REVISION]
          ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision.

       --api=API
          The API proxy to be deployed.

       --environment=ENVIRONMENT
          The environment in which to deploy the API proxy.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The Apigee organization of the proxy and environment.

FLAGS
     --override
        Whether to force the deployment of the new revision over the currently
        deployed revision by overriding conflict checks.

        If an existing API proxy revision is deployed, set this flag to ensure
        seamless deployment with zero downtime. In this case, the existing
        revision remains deployed until the new revision is fully deployed. If
        not set, you must undeploy the currently deployed revision before
        deploying the new revision.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --account, --billing-project,
    --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format, --help,
    --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

EXAMPLES
    To deploy the latest revision of the API proxy named demo to the test
    environment, given that the API proxy and environment's matching Cloud
    Platform project has been set in gcloud settings, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy --environment=test --api=demo

    To deploy revision 3 of that proxy, owned by an organization named my-org,
    run, and replace any conflicting deployment that might already exist, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy 3 --organization=my-org \
            --environment=test --api=demo --override

NOTES
    This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right
    project, you may be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access whitelist.

